walls are costly
besides being plastered with hospital
Linnaean that's where the customers go
after they come out of this restroom of
course there's no [ __ ] sama why would
there be [ __ ] salmon when Gordon
Ramsay ordered his lunch he must have
looked into a [ __ ] crystal ball
because he ordered something that we
didn't have let me just make sure that I
can order something that they don't have
great chef what there's two fritters
those ones fell with our vegetable
vegetable yes
may the Lord above not poison me oh man
in terms of beauty there's not exactly
an Indian classic is it
it implies a dehydrated turd
there's meat in there fennel that ones
go meet him there
it's not much turn tastes like lamb if
he were a vegetarian I would expect a
lawsuit it's gonna be fun to ask them
about you guys are killing me right now
this sorted a vegetarian appetizer plate
has to be vegetarian are you kidding
he just had a meat one knock on wood the
worst is over right cool
beef buna lamb biryani remember she's
bringing a plate for you thanks Donny
would you would you mind get me a clean
so what the [ __ ] is that always worries
me when I stick tomato roses on top of
Feridun and that smart is rotten
that is not a piece of beef does that
look like a piece of beef to you my
lunch is dry it looks like pork there's
that's beef then I I was born in
Bangladesh comas
he says to try this it's pork
pretty sure it's pork good beef
what no yeah it was lamb so now it was
lamb Gordon didn't seem to enjoy much of
anything and that's how it usually goes
with customers where do you start
on this one potatoes are sick Martin
they look like they were cooked at least
a week ago oh that's good
and frozen salmon too and ooh that's
good you have come to the rescue once
again one of the greatest chefs in the
world wants something to eat and I had
to make it thank you
so this is from the American kitchen
just like a doormat fly huh there's
normal um yes it is
who made this I did so you're the
Operations Manager you're yes the chef
as well yes we haven't got any other
chefs in the back but I can cook this
food they don't know how to cook any
western-style food we do move flavor
yes either not with pleasure pretty much
everything that could go wrong went
horribly and catastrophic ly wrong hmm
Kalas juice yeah pleased to meet you
Gordon tell him in a really nice way
yeah your food is [ __ ] last any food the
same person to connect food with plant
old fashions I've eaten it I don't feel
too good
portal clinical MRC photos do not give
me shake this [ __ ] on the journey but he
says that at that lamp is probably the
old lamp and serve me old lamp I
embarrassed to see the situation
guitarist a big SM hear that girls
nervous as a dead made a mistake in
there my name is type maybe this tent
that cotton has a very high compared to
mine I didn't expect his gonna go that
bad